= github
 
A Ruby wrapper for the GitHub REST API v3.

It's build in a modular way, that is, you can either instantiate the whole api wrapper Github.new or use parts of it e.i. Github::Repos.new if working solely with repositories is your main concern.

== Installation

Grab the gem by issuing

gem install github

== Usage

Create a new client instance by passing it a configuration hash

  @github = Github.new :user => 'peter-murach', :repo => 'github'
  TODO

In order to authenticate the user through OAuth2 you need 

  TODO

You can interact with GitHub interface by following calls

  @github.repos.list
  @github.repos.branches
  @github.repos.contributors

The code base is modular and allows for you to work specifically with a given part of GitHub API e.g. repositories

  @repos = Github::Repos.new 
  @repos.branches 'peter-murach', 'github'

or

  @repos = Github::Repos.new :user => 'peter-murach', :repo => 'github'
  @repos.branches 

The response is of type [Hashie::Mash] and allows to traverse all the json response attributes like method calls e.i.

For specification on all available methods go to

== Configuration

Certain methods require authentication. To get your GitHub OAuth v2 credentials,
register an app at http://dev.twitter.com/apps and then 

  Github.configure do |config|
    config.consumer_key = YOUR_CONSUMER_KEY
    config.consumer_secret = YOUR_CONSUMER_SECRET
    config.oauth_token = YOUR_OAUTH_TOKEN
    config.oauth_token_secret = YOUR_OAUTH_TOKEN_SECRET
  end

These parameters can be overwirtten as per method call. By passing hash

  Github.new({ 
    :auth => {
      :consumer_key => YOUR_CONSUMER_KEY,
      :consumer_secret => YOUR_CONSUMER_SECRET,
      :oauth_token => YOUR_OAUTH_TOKEN
      :oauth_token_secret => YOUR_OAUTH_TOKEN_SECRET
    }
  })

== Examples

== Contributing to github
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== TODO

* Add request caching.
* Add response processing methods
* Add helper methods to return iterators over most common collections.
* Add response set helper methods e.i. pagination.
* Add DSL falvoured api access

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Piotr Murach. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

